gh-111726: Remove some unneeded doctests from sqlite3 docs (#117623)
python/cpython: Doc/library/sqlite3.rst

   will get tracebacks from callbacks on :data:`sys.stderr`. Use ``False``
   to disable the feature again.

   .. note::

      Exceptions that are raised in user-defined function callbacks are

>       raised as unraisable exceptions.

Author: I think this sentence is a bit too convoluted. Perhaps Hugo has a better suggestion.

Reviewer: I suggest:

"Errors in user-defined function callbacks are logged as unraisable exceptions."

I prefer "logged" since the default handler writes a message to sys.stderr. Also, these exceptions are "unraisable", so you cannot raise them :-D

Author: Thanks, that's better!

Author: ```suggestion
      Errors in user-defined function callbacks are logged as unraisable exceptions.
```
